zh, en: update a FAQ (#424)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/faq.md

Set the parameters below to a value larger than the default 67108864 (64M).

- The global variable of the TiDB server: `max_allowed_packet`.

> - The configuration item in the data source configuration file: `target-database.max-allowed-packet`. Please refer to [DM Advanced Task Configuration File](task-configuration-file-full.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The configuration item in the data source configuration file: `target-database.max-allowed-packet`. For details, refer to [DM Advanced Task Configuration File](task-configuration-file-full.md).
```

> - The configuration item in the data source configuration file: `target-database.max-allowed-packet`. For details, refer to [DM Advanced Task Configuration File](task-configuration-file-full.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The configuration item in the task configuration file: `target-database.max-allowed-packet`. For details, refer to [DM Advanced Task Configuration File](task-configuration-file-full.md).
```
